Mallory Dazza
4 rue Sophie germain
75014 Paris
dazzamallory@gmail.com
06.37.33.61.54

Center for Research and Interdisciplinarity 
Ecole Doctoral Frontière du Vivant
Tour Montparnasse, 21st floor
33 avenue du Maine 
75015 Paris

Application to the "Frontière du Vivant" doctoral school.

Motivation Statement.

	My decision to carry out a PhD thesis grew during my previous research internship. To be entirely honest, when I entered the Ecole Normal Superieur de Cachan I wanted to teach physics and research was not so appealing to me. However, after working with Pawel Pieranski in the Laboratoire de Physique des Solides, I discovered what it means to be a researcher : the collaboration work, the methodology, exploring and challenging our own theory, and so on… I adored it. Moreover, professionally, a doctorate degree will open prospects that I cannot reach for the moment. In addition to scientific knowledge, I will learn how to undertake a project on my own and guide it towards a specific goal. These are valuable skills that I want to acquire. 

	When I found a topic that was interesting to me, thinks to Samuel Bottani, I discovered the Doctoral School Frontière du Vivant (FdV). I learnt about its philosophy, and willingness to do research and share its research with an interdisciplinary method. To my mind, this project was nothing close to a wild idea but exactly what research had to be. Although multidisciplinarity like the 18th century philosophers might not be achievable nowadays due to the tremendous amount of knowledge and fields, interdisciplinary approach will surely give strong insight so as to understand complex problems. Even as a physicist, I never felt comfortable with the split of theorist and experimentalist. There is no better way to progress a topic than taking advantage of various ideas and way of thinking. I belive, working in groups with different cultures or experiences is a key aspect to doing research nowadays.
	
	As I explain in my personal statement, teaching is one of my passion and a key aspect to an enduring society. If I am admitted to the FdV doctoral school I hope I will be able to learn from other PhD students and share my understanding of physics. A specific project, that interest me, developed by the Center for Research and Interdisciplinarity is the pedagogical apparatus Les Savanturiers. It caught my attention for its three main calling being the formation of teachers, educational project based on research, and the perspective they take with studies on educational tools. Being able to share what I love about science to children, and arouse maybe new passion for them would be very rewarding.
	
	Given the spefic scope of the thesis I aim to carry out, the think tank In Vitro Artifical Intelligent hosted in the FdV doctoral school will be of great help. I hope I will be able to enter this group to learn from them and progress there knowledge of learning processes inside a culture with my research. This is the best example I can provide to show that the Frontière du Vivant Doctoral School is not only the best support I can hope, but the only one that can provide the ressources needed to obtain subtantial results during the three years of my thesis.
	
	I hope I was clear enough in my writing, and that now, you have no doubt on my motivations. 
	
Mallory Dazza 
