Mallory Dazza
4 rue Sophie germain
75014 Paris
dazzamallory@gmail.com
06.37.33.61.54

Ecole Doctoral Frontière du Vivant
Center for Research and Interdisciplinarity
Tour Montparnasse, 21st floor
33 avenue du Maine 
75015 Paris

Application to the "Frontière du Vivant" doctoral school.

Personal Statement. 

	My educational background is rather ordinary. I was passionate about science at en early age and the French educational system forge my understanding of physics. While I was studying physics and chemistry I grew a strong interest in philosophy. Based on mathematical logic without its roughness that can frighten people, simple philosophical questioning and principles built my own way of thinking. For instance, putting forward education for its ability to free people and allowing them to make their own choices, or even simple idea like equity pushed me towards the "aggregation de physique" so as to teach science. 

	To my mind, teaching is undoubtedly not only giving knowledge but asking oneself how do people learn. How can someone comprehend something that I worked years on to master ? There is I believe two aspects very interesting. On one hand, cultural customs and inner psychology may be at work here. I found myself amazed two years ago when I was in Chile for a research internship.  As I was learning Spanish in situ, I discovered more and more connections between the language subtleties or the turn of phrase and the way people think and behave. Their culture didn’t only shape their customs, but also their mind-set. On the other hand, the way thoughts are built up and consciousness arise are probably a strong key to understanding the mechanism of learning. 

	Those are the very questions that set off my desire to learn about neurosciences. I spend this years 2017/2018 going back and forth between theoretical neurosciences books or online learning (MOOC) and my master degree. Nontraditional forms of learning like MOOCs helped me advance my questioning on methodology for teaching. I was wondering for quite a long time why project-based learning (PBL) appears or is believed to be more effective than teacher-led instruction. Observing how people use MOOCs as a social network, I realised that PBL force students to express their own questions and own explanations with a direct confrontation with their peers. And the more diverse, in culture or expertise, the group is the more ideas will flow and stir together to approach the truth. 


	I hope I express clearly my deep passion for teaching.
Mallory Dazza
