Mallory Dazza
4 rue Sophie germain
75014 Paris
dazzamallory@gmail.com
06.37.33.61.54

Ecole Doctoral Frontière du Vivant
Center for Research and Interdisciplinarity
Tour Montparnasse, 21st floor
33 avenue du Maine 
75015 Paris

Application to the "Frontière du Vivant" doctoral school.

Statement of Previous Research. 

	In 2015, I work for an internship with Pawel Pieranski on specific topological defects (called disclinations) in nematic liquid crystals. The idea was to investigate the behaviour of disinclination loops trapped around polymeric fibre submitted to an electric or magnetic field.
	Using nematic with positive dielectric and magnetic anisotropy we managed to show that the chyrogyral effect is enhanced by the application of fields. The chyrogyral effect can be described as follow : the disinclination loop is created using nylon fibres with planar anchoring (liquid crystals molecules will align themselves along the nylon) tilted so as to make an helicoidal anchoring. In this scenario, the disinclinations loops are tilted with respect to the fibre axis. Then, application of fields increase the previous tilt. In the end, we proposed a model and compared experimental results with the theory using simple simulations. 
	This work leads me to 2 publications and an oral communication in the "conference francophone sur les cristaux liquides" in Autrans. I believe this experience introduce me into the world of research in science. I had the chance to meet people from doctoral students to talented professors and I have learned in this environment. 

	In 2016, I worked for an internship under the supervision of Alejandro Cabrera in the Pontifica Universidad Catolica de Chile. The goal of the project was to develop a technology able to dissociate water intro dihydrogen and dioxygen with photocatalysis. The part I was interested in was the photocatalysis. It was proposed to be achieved with thin films of copper oxyde with delafossite structure. I investigated the surface with Raman spectrometers and Atomic Force Microscopy. Then I measured the adsorption rate of carbon dioxyde and water onto different samples.
	During this internship, I was to work with a small multicultural group. We were four coming from four different countries, and this help me develop communication and relation skills. For instance, we used to have meetings sometimes with three different languages, although english was the most spoken one. 

	More recently, I started working with Samuel Bottani’s team and we are interested in large scale dynamics in population of neurones. Using both simulations and analytical models we analyse the nucleation process of the clusters of activity so as to find what govern their apparition. 